{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green79\blue79;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c38431\c38431\c38431;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This looks like great work!\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
There is a subtle logical error you are making when you give non-examples.\'a0 I cannot illustrate the problem by using even/odd because your incorrect reasoning will never actually lead to an error in this context (but it will in other contexts).\uc0\u8232 \u8232 So here is a new context, where I will make the same error as you are making.\'a0 Say I define an integer n to be a "gobble"\'a0 if you can write\'a0 n = k/2 for some integer k.\'a0 Then I might argue that 2 is not a gobble because 2 = 6/3, and this is not the appropriate form.\'a0 My reasoning would be incorrect:\'a0 2 is a gobble, because I can write it was 4/2.\u8232 \u8232 When you argue that 11 is not even by showing that 11 = 2*5.5 (not 2 times an integer), you are making the same kind of logical error.\'a0 However, in this context your error will never produce errors:\'a0 it is true that 2*x is never even when x is not an integer.\'a0 This is something which would have to be proven though.\u8232 \u8232 So how can we argue that 11 is not even in a logically consistent way, which avoids this subtle error?\u8232 \u8232 The way is to follow the proof outline for negation:\u8232 \u8232 Assume 11 is even.\u8232 \'a0 \'a0|\'a0 Then 11 = 2k for some integer k.\
\'a0 \'a0|\'a0 Then k=5.5, and k is an integer.\uc0\u8232 \'a0 \'a0|\'a0 This is absurd, because 5.5 is not an integer.\u8232 \u8232 Since assuming 11 was even lead to an absurd conclusion, 11 must not be even.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}